Created the PR Template (#19780)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md

> **Checklists** 

Reviewer: I feel like this should be last

- [ ] Added impacted package name to the issue description

> **Package(es) impacted by this PR:**

Reviewer 2: I would remove the () notation to indicate singular vs plural. We don't need to be that grammatically accurate :). Here and in other places in this file

Also, there is an extra `e` here 

```suggestion
**Packages impacted by this PR:**
```

> **Library(ies) impacted by this PR:**

Reviewer 2: Should this be packages instead of libraries?

Author: Changed it.

> **Issues associated with this PR:**

Reviewer: I wonder if there's some way to provide a starting point that encourages linking issues using [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword)

Maybe like `Resolves #<issue>` ? And I also wonder if it should be on the bottom as it's less important to readers of the PR

> **Describe the problem that is addressed by this PR:**

Reviewer: This the most important thing here in my opinion as it answers the `why` - what do you think about making this more prominent? Maybe this template should be changed into markdown headers and this is at the top? One thing I see a lot is:

## Problem

## Solution

## Details / callouts / the rest of the items

(although I personally use what and why)

> **What are the possible designs available to address the problem**

Reviewer: Maybe we can combine this and the one below?

### Alternative designs

> If there is more than one possible solution, describe any alternatives and your reasoning for choosing this approach. Otherwise, delete this section

> **What are the possible designs available to address the problem(s)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**What are the possible designs available to address the problem**
```

> **Command used to generate this PR:**_(Applicable only to SDK release request PRs)_

Reviewer 2: Any reason we would not need this for other packages we have where there is generated code + convenience layer? Or the RLC packages?

Author: For all the other packages, the standard command is `rushx build`/`rush build`. We would not need any special command. Only for the package release, we use the `autorest` command. (In most cases, it would be sufficient to say `autorest --typescript swagger/readme.md`. But there are several packages that need additional params)

Reviewer 2: In that case, can we move it to the end? Am thinking the most commonly applicable sections should appear first

Author: Done

> **If there are more than one possible design, why did you choose the one in this PR?**

Reviewer 2: None of the rest of the text uses "you", so changing this to a passive voice
```suggestion
**If there are more than one possible design, why was the one in this PR chosen?**
```

> **Does this PR needs any fixes in the SDK Generator?** _(If so, create an Issue in the [Autorest/typescript](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript) repository and link it here)_

Reviewer: I feel that this can be part of the checklists at the bottom

> **Are there test cases added in this PR?**_(If not, why?)_

Reviewer: Same here - this can be part of the checklists. What do you think?

**Provide a list of related PRs**_(if any)_

> **Command used to generate this PR:**_(Applicable only to SDK release request PRs)_

Reviewer: ❤️ I think this section is useful!
